<section class="theory-viewer prism prism_theme_light big-theory trainer__theory-scrollable-content"><section class="theory-viewer__blocking-layout-block theory-viewer__block theory-viewer__block_type_vertical-layout theory-viewer__block_layout"><section class="theory-viewer__block theory-viewer__block_type_markdown"><div class="Markdown base-markdown base-markdown_with-gallery markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory full-markdown"><div class="paragraph">Congratulations! You’ve completed yet another course on our training platform. Now it's time to test your skills by solving a new machine learning problem. For this project, you'll be on your own.</div><div class="paragraph">When you finish your project, send your work to the project reviewer. You will receive feedback within 24 hours. After that, you will need to make any necessary changes to your work and send it in for a second review.</div><div class="paragraph">This process usually has to be repeated several times until everything gets the green light from the reviewer and all the corrections are approved. That’s all part of the job.</div><div class="paragraph">Your project will be considered complete when the project reviewer approves it.</div><h2>Project description</h2><div class="paragraph">The supermarket chain Good Seed would like to explore whether Data Science can help them adhere to alcohol laws by making sure they do not sell alcohol to people underage. You are asked to conduct that evaluation, so as you set to work, keep the following in mind:</div><ul><li>The shops are equipped with cameras in the checkout area which are triggered when a person is buying alcohol</li><li>Computer vision methods can be used to determine age of a person from a photo</li><li>The task then is to build and evaluate a model for verifying people's age</li></ul><div class="paragraph">To start working on the task, you'll have a set of photographs of people with their ages indicated.</div><h2>Project Instructions</h2><ol start="1"><li>Pass a quiz to verify your understanding of the project statement.</li><li>Perform exploratory data analysis to get an overall impression of the dataset.</li><li>Train and evaluate the model (it needs to be done on the GPU platform).</li><li>Combine your code, output and findings (from the previous points) in the final Jupyter notebook.</li><li>Make conclusions of the model evaluation, add them to the notebook.</li><li>Project reviewers will review your final notebook.</li></ol><div class="paragraph paragraph_has-one-child"><strong>NOTE: A template Jupyter notebook is provided for you in the next lesson. It contains some hints and precode to help guide you in training and analyzing your model. Please refer to this notebook if you’re having trouble getting started.</strong></div><h2>Project Evaluation</h2><div class="paragraph">We’ve put together the evaluation criteria for the project. Read them carefully before moving on to the task:</div><ul><li>Have you followed all the steps in the instructions?</li><li>How did you analyze the data?</li><li>How did you prepare the data for training/testing?</li><li>How did you choose parameters for a neural network model?</li><li>What are your findings and conclusions?</li><li>Have you kept to the project structure?</li><li>Have you kept the code neat?</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The <a href="https://tripleten.gatsbyjs.io/DS/CV/" target="_blank">Knowledge Base</a> has everything you need to complete the project.</div><div class="paragraph">Good luck!</div></div></section></section></section>
